0.4.0 - June 23, 2011
* Updated documentation for venues/search endpoint.
* Added venues/links endpoint.
* Added venues/explore endpoint.
* Added users/leaderboard endpoint.
* Updated oauth2 gem to version 0.4.1.
* Updated jeweler gem to 1.6.2.
* Updated bundler gem to 1.0.15
* Updated yard gem to 0.7.2.

0.3.1 - March 12, 2011
* Modified method tip_unmark to return data below the tip object. This conforms to all other return statements in library.
* Fixed special method. Needed venueId. Not documented in the Foursquare API.

0.3.0 - March 8, 2011
* Added signature option to checkin endpoint. 
* Implemented trending venues endpoint.

0.2.0 - March 3, 2011
* Implemented Foursquare specific error handling. The following error codes are recognized.
  * Skittles::Error - Superclass of all Skittles exception classes. Used as a catch all if an error from Foursquare isn't recognized.
  * Skittles::BadRequest - Raised when Foursquare returns HTTP status code 400.
  * Skittles::Unauthorized - Raised when Foursquare returns HTTP status code 401.
  * Skittles::NotFound - Raised when Foursquare returns HTTP status code 404.
  * Skittles::MethodNotAllowed - Raised when Foursquare returns HTTP status code 405.
  * Skittles::InternalServerError - Raised when Foursquare returns HTTP status code 500.
  * Skittles::BadGateway - Raised when Foursquare returns HTTP status code 502.
  * Skittles::ServiceUnavailable - Raised when Foursquare returns HTTP status code 503.
  * Skittles::GatewayTimeout - Raised when Foursquare returns HTTP status code 504.

0.1.0 - February 22, 2011
* Initial release